# End User Licensing Agreement (“EULA”)

This End User License Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between you and
Market Drive, Inc. (“Market Drive”) regarding your access and use of the Market
Drive Salesforce ISV Application (the “App”).

## 1. Your Use of Market Drive

You acknowledge and agree that you are affiliated with an organization which is
a licensee and registered user of a Salesforce.com, Inc. (“Salesforce”) license.
You will exclusively control and be solely responsible and liable for: (A) your
Salesforce account(s) (“SF Account(s)”); (B) all data collected (including using
the App) and stored on Salesforce’s servers and otherwise associated with your
SF Account(s); (C) adherence to the Salesforce Master Services Agreement, as
updated from time-to-time by Salesforce and found on the Salesforce website:
www.salesforce.com/company/legal/agreements (D) use of Salesforce and the App
only for the purposes intended.

Market Drive grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive, non-transferable
license to use the App (and related documentation) solely for your internal use,
for the purposes as described in this Agreement.

You agree that you will not (and will not allow any third party to): (A) modify,
adapt, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer or dissemble
any part of the App or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the App; (B)
copy, distribute, transfer, sell, or license the App; (C) transfer or attempt to
download the App onto any other platform other than the Salesforce platform; or
(D) take any action to circumvent, compromise or defeat any security measures
implemented in the App.

The App may not be accessed for purposes of monitoring its availability,
performance, or functionality, or for any other benchmarking or competitive
purposes. Market Drive’s direct competitors are prohibited from accessing the
App, except with Market Drive’s prior written consent.

## 2. Intellectual Property

You hereby acknowledge that Market Drive owns and retains all rights, including
copyrights, trademark, and other proprietary rights, and title to the App, and
all software, tools, documents, training materials and mobile technologies
provided by Market Drive under this Agreement (“IP”), including all improvements
to and derivative works of the IP. You retain all rights, including copyrights
and other proprietary rights, and title to all data, documents, materials, and
other information that you choose to disclose to Market Drive through use of the
App. Your right to your data (whether personally identifiable or otherwise)
collected through or uploaded or transferred to the Salesforce platform through
your SF Account will be governed by your agreement with Salesforce.

## 3. Disclaimers

THE APP AND ANY RELATED SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS, SERVICES, AND DOCUMENTS ARE
PROVIDED BY MARKET DRIVE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. MARKET DRIVE
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR ARISING BY STATUTE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING OR
TRADE USAGE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. MARKET DRIVE DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THE APP OR ANY RELATED SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS, SERVICES, AND DOCUMENTS WILL
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS
AND INACCURACIES IN THE APP OR ANY RELATED SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS, SERVICES, AND
DOCUMENTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MARKET DRIVE EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF CONDITIONS, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EVEN IF THAT PURPOSE HAS BEEN DISCLOSED). YOUR
USE OF THE APP IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

## 4. Limitation of Liability

MARKET DRIVE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER ANY LEGAL OR
EQUITABLE THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT
(INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY)) FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
EXEMPLARY, CONTINGENT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY SERVICES, TOOLS OR SOFTWARE (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE OR BUSINESS; DELAYS, INCONVENIENCE OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; OR FRUSTRATION OF ECONOMIC OR BUSINESS EXPECTATIONS),
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS ARE
INDEPENDENT FROM ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, MARKET DRIVE’S
MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $100 IN THE
AGGREGATE.

## 5. Additional Representations and Warranties

You hereby represent and warrant that: (A) you have the full authority to enter
into this Agreement and perform your obligations under this Agreement; (B) you
are solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules and regulations
applicable to the collection, transmission and storage of data (including
personally-identifiable data); and (C) you have the right and proper consent to
provide all data to Market Drive, Salesforce in connection with this Agreement.
I F YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ORGANIZATION,
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION, OR AGENCY, INSTRUMENTALITY, OR DEPARTMENT OF A
GOVERNMENT (AN “ENTITY”) AS ITS AUTHORIZED LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE, THEN YOU
REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE POWER AND AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY
TO THESE TERMS. REFERENCES TO “YOU” HEREIN REFER TO BOTH YOU, THE INDIVIDUAL END
USER, AND THE ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT. If you do
not have such authority, or do not agree with these terms and conditions, you
must not accept this Agreement and may not use the App.

## 6. Indemnity

You will indemnify Market Drive against any liability, damage, loss, or expense
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that Market Drive incurs based on a
third-party claim arising from your use of the App or your breach of your
representations, warranties, or obligations under this Agreement.

## 7. Confidentiality

Neither party may disclose any nonpublic information of the other party or use
such information for any purpose other than fulfilling its obligations under
this Agreement unless compelled by law enforcement or legal process.

## 8. General Provisions

### Publicity/Trademarks.

Neither party will permit or generate any publicity, press release, advertising
or promotion concerning this Agreement nor any aspect of the relationship with
the other party without the prior written consent of the other.

### Nature of the Relationship.

Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint
venture, employment, agency, or similar relationship between the parties.
Neither party has the right to bind the other.

### Governing Law/Venue.

This Agreement is governed by and should be construed in accordance with the
laws of Arizona, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions Any disputes
arising between the parties under this Agreement that cannot be resolved in
negotiations between the parties shall be settled via binding arbitration under
the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Such arbitration shall take
place in Arizona or online (unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the
parties. Each party hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process in any
action or proceeding under the Agreement by sending copies thereof to the
party’s address set forth in the “Notices” section. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Market Drive may bring a claim in any court of competent jurisdiction
as it determines is necessary to protect its intellectual property and other
rights in connection with the App.

### Notices.

Notices under this Agreement must be in writing and be sent by email, or other
method for which the sender has written or electronic proof of delivery to the
other party. Notices will be considered given when delivered (as evidenced by
delivery receipt or other documentation).

If to Market Drive: By sending electronic notification to customer-
success@marketdrive.io.

If to you: By electronic notification to the organization with which you are
affiliated and by which you obtained access to the App.

### Entire Agreement; Assignment.

This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all
(oral and written) discussions and agreements between the parties concerning its
subject matter. You may assign this Agreement and any rights under it only with
Market Drive’ prior written consent and any attempted assignment in violation of
this provision will be null and void; Market Drive may assign this Agreement at
any time.

### Waiver.

The waiver of any term or breach of this Agreement must be in writing and any
waiver in one instance will not be considered a waiver in any other instance,
whether similar or different.

### Severability.

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, the remaining
provisions will nevertheless continue in full force and effect to the full
extent permitted by law.

This Agreement may be updated from time to time at the sole discretion of Market
Drive by posting on www.marketdrive.io/eula. Market Drive will use reasonable
efforts to inform you of any changes in this Agreement by electronic
notification to the organization by which you are affiliated and obtained access
to the App. You remain responsible for abiding by the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, as amended, by continuing to use the App.

## 9. TERM AND TERMINATION

### 9.1. Term of Agreement.

This Agreement commences on the date you first accept it and continues until all
subscriptions for the App have expired or have been terminated.

### 9.2. Term of Purchased Subscriptions.

The term of each subscription shall be as specified in the applicable Order
Form. Except as otherwise specified in an Order Form, subscriptions will
automatically renew for additional periods equal to the expiring subscription
term or one year (whichever is shorter), unless either party gives the other
written notice **(email acceptable) at least 60 days before the end of the
relevant subscription term.** Except as expressly provided in the applicable
Order Form, renewal of promotional or one-time priced subscriptions will be at
our applicable list price in effect at the time of the applicable renewal.

### 9.3 Termination for Breach.

You acknowledge and understand that Market Drive has the right to suspend or
terminate your access to the App due to breach of this Agreement or any other
agreement with Market Drive. In no case will any such suspension or termination
give rise to any liability of Market Drive to you for any refund or damages.
Upon termination or cancellation, the data you provided to the App (and
Salesforce) shall be deleted immediately.

### 9.4 Removal of App.

Within 30 days of cancellation or termination of your subscription, you are
required to remove and delete the App, including all data contained within it,
from your Salesforce Org. You shall reply in writing to any request that
